# We're Rolling!

# Bad Goals

# I want to get to 50 followers
## - arbitrary
## - its specific, but not to a bigger idea.
## - you can cheat this
## - what does success actually get you / mean for you

# I want to become a successful twitch streamer
## - What is "Success"
## - Skips a lot of other steps
## - its too far out for you to meaningfully "Get"

# I want to improve my stream quality by converting at least 1 viewer every stream this month into a follower.

## Its better because it relates to something tangible, its specific, and measureable, and realistic

# I want to successfully deliver a project on-time with positive outcomes, so that I can demonstrate my ability to lead teams.

# SMART Goals

 - # S - SPECIFIC
 - # M - MEASUREABLE
 - # A - ACHIEVABLE
 - # R - RELEVANT / RELATED
 - # T - TIMELY

# LETS CRAFT WL_S1N A GOAL A SMART GOAL

# WL_S1N WILL ADVANCE AS A VIDEO EDITOR BY PRODUCING A SINGLE YOUTUBE VIDEO ON AN ANIME REWRITE ONCE A MONTH

# WL_S1N WILL CREATE A SPLASH PAGE WITH HIS LOGO AND A SOUNDBITE THAT CAN BE USED FOR FUTURE THIS WEEK.

# Bad Example: I, MiniSeagoat, Will become a top 100 Valorant pro in the world by achieving a 5.0 K/D
# Bad Example: Sales - I will make 500,000 worth of sales in this week.

----

# Sometimes your boss / Manager Sucks
# Your Career is at THEIR MERCY Not YOURS

## communicate whats important to you
## Communicate where you're going, where you WANT to go

## NOT EMPATHETIC

# Imposter Syndrome

## combating Imposter Syndrome by SHOWING YOURSELF that you can accomplish things.
## MIND HACKING yourself to maintain your Confidence

-----

# ============DETOUR==============

## FUCKONOMICS

Study of trade of Fucks

## Each and every person is Born with a Limited Number Of Fucks.
### When you are young, you have All of your fucks, and you feel like you can give a fuck about everything.
### As you get older however, You start to realize, you're running out

### Now because you're running, you start to Ration out your fucks.
### I might want a family one day
### I might want a pet, a kid
### I might want a Hobby


### There are situations you simply can't Spare a fuck anymore

### You can Invest Your fucks into things -

##### FUCK STOCK MARKET - FUCK IRA
## HOBBIES
## PASSIONS
## ULTIMATE FUCK STOCK MARKET? -- ITS A GODDAMN PARTNER
## GONE

### IF YOU ARE YOUNG - AND YOU HAVE ALL THE FUCKS IN THE WORLD

# BE FUCK-SMART NOW

## ASK YOURSELF, DO I NEED TO GIVE A FUCK ABOUT THIS RIGHT NOW?

-----

# Building Confidence
## easily build confidence through series of wins
You're hacking it - you're feeding yourself consistent wins regularly
Consistent growth

# Breaking down Large Problems



## Ok YOU got a giant problem, What are you gonna do first?
### DESCRIBE TO ME IN SENTENCES WITH AS MUCH DETAIL AS POSSIBLE HOW TO MAKE A PEANUT BUTTER AND JELLY SANDWICH
##

# Large Ambitions

# "Successful twitch streamer"

# Incremental Improvement

# Builds general self-awareness



# Strengths - Strength is something that you derive Energy and confidence doing.

# Weaknesses - Something that Drains you, to do

## how to turn a weakness into a strength

## High Performance Teams
### Find your teams' strengths and manage to that.
